README.md, before:


# Bad Compilation of Bad Apple

A repo to list all Bad Apple variants in one place

Audio Edits: [MarkDown](https://github.com/somerandomcloud/bad-apple/blob/main/badappleaudio.md) | [JSON](https://github.com/somerandomcloud/bad-apple/blob/main/badappleaudio.json)


Video Edits: [MarkDown](https://github.com/somerandomcloud/bad-apple/blob/main/badapplevideo.md) | [JSON](https://github.com/somerandomcloud/bad-apple/blob/main/badapplevideo.json)


Related videos: [MarkDown](https://github.com/somerandomcloud/bad-apple/blob/main/badapplerelated.md) | [JSON](https://github.com/somerandomcloud/bad-apple/blob/main/badapplerelated.json)
## Roadmap

I want to make an api or an npm package that automatically can fetch you some of the collected data. Maybe if this gains some sort of traction!

## Contributing

Contributions are always welcome!

If you want to add a new variant (and know what you are doing), just open a pull request.

Formats for adding:

`badapplevideo.json`:

Name: Obligatory

Creator: Obligatory

Source code: If applicable/is publicly available

Video: Obligatory

```json
{
    "name": "Bad Apple!! played on Minecraft sheep [original]",
    "creator": "https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVP-0ePDBxeNemne0zAFZkg",
    "source-code": "https://gitlab.com/delbonis/rottenplayer",
    "video": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tO6sfku_1b8"
}
```

`badappleaudio.json`:

Name: Obligatory

Creator: Obligatory

Video: Obligatory

```json
{
    "name": "Bad Apple!! (English Cover)【JubyPhonic】",
    "creator": "https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMsNS10PzxzEayT7UHS4p6g",
    "video": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQg2qngyIZM"
}
```

`badapplerelated.json`:

Name: Obligatory

Creator: Obligatory

Video: Obligatory

```json
{
    "name": "Bad Apple Explained: History and Analysis",
    "creator": "https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLLxy5P3iu6G3rxhQ9Icpxg",
    "video": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6QY4ekac1_Q"
}
```

Commit message:

Youtube scraper added for helping me

README.md, after:


# Bad Compilation of Bad Apple

A repo to list all Bad Apple variants in one place. 

Audio Edits: [MarkDown](https://github.com/somerandomcloud/bad-apple/blob/main/badappleaudio.md) | [JSON](https://github.com/somerandomcloud/bad-apple/blob/main/badappleaudio.json)


Video Edits: [MarkDown](https://github.com/somerandomcloud/bad-apple/blob/main/badapplevideo.md) | [JSON](https://github.com/somerandomcloud/bad-apple/blob/main/badapplevideo.json)


Related videos: [MarkDown](https://github.com/somerandomcloud/bad-apple/blob/main/badapplerelated.md) | [JSON](https://github.com/somerandomcloud/bad-apple/blob/main/badapplerelated.json)

## Roadmap

I want to make an api or an npm package that automatically can fetch you some of the collected data. Maybe if this gains some sort of traction!

## Contributing

Contributions are always welcome!

If you want to add a new variant (and know what you are doing), just open a pull request.

You can use the scraped results from the scraper folder to look without needing to do alot of extra manual work.

Formats for adding:

`badapplevideo.json`:

Name: Obligatory

Creator: Obligatory

Source code: If applicable/is publicly available

Video: Obligatory

```json
{
    "name": "Bad Apple!! played on Minecraft sheep [original]",
    "creator": "https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVP-0ePDBxeNemne0zAFZkg",
    "source-code": "https://gitlab.com/delbonis/rottenplayer",
    "video": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tO6sfku_1b8"
}
```

`badappleaudio.json`:

Name: Obligatory

Creator: Obligatory

Video: Obligatory

```json
{
    "name": "Bad Apple!! (English Cover)【JubyPhonic】",
    "creator": "https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMsNS10PzxzEayT7UHS4p6g",
    "video": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQg2qngyIZM"
}
```

`badapplerelated.json`:

Name: Obligatory

Creator: Obligatory

Video: Obligatory

```json
{
    "name": "Bad Apple Explained: History and Analysis",
    "creator": "https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLLxy5P3iu6G3rxhQ9Icpxg",
    "video": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6QY4ekac1_Q"
}
```
